content/resources/ui-components.mdx, before:

---
title: UI Components
description: A collection of customizable Tailwind CSS components for building responsive UIs quickly.
---

## Tailwind CSS Component Libraries

<Cards>
  <CustomCard
    title="Animate UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/animateui.png"
    description="Fully animated, open-source component distribution built with React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Motion and Shadcn CLI. Browse a list of components you can install, modify, and use in your projects."
    href="https://animate-ui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    isNew
    title="Aceternity UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/aceternityui.png"
    description="Beautiful Tailwind CSS and Framer Motion Components, built with Next.js and TypeScript."
    href="https://ui.aceternity.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="daisyUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/daisyui.png"
    description="Best Tailwind Components Library - Free UI components for Tailwind CSS."
    href="https://daisyui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="FlyonUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/flyon.png"
    description="Easiest, free and open-source Tailwind CSS components library with semantic classes."
    href="https://flyonui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Flowbite"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/flowbite.svg"
    description="Comprehensive Tailwind CSS component library with templates and plugins."
    href="https://flowbite.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="fmUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/fmUI.png"
    description="Comprehensive collection of free Tailwind CSS components and templates."
    href="https://fwedwicc.github.io/fmUI/home"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Origin UI"
    icon={
      <svg
        className="stroke-zinc-800 dark:stroke-zinc-100"
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
        width="28"
        height="28"
        viewBox="0 0 32 32"
        aria-hidden="true"
      >
        <circle
          cx="16"
          cy="16"
          r="12"
          fill="none"
          strokeWidth="8"
        ></circle>
      </svg>
    }
    description="Beautiful UI components built with Tailwind CSS and Next.js."
    href="https://originui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Preline UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/preline.png"
    description="Open-source Tailwind CSS components library with UI examples, templates, plugins, and Figma design system."
    href="https://preline.co/index.html"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Prism UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/prismui.png"
    description="Build better apps faster with Prism UI."
    href="https://www.prismui.tech/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="shadcn/ui"
    icon={
      <svg
        className="stroke-zinc-950 dark:stroke-zinc-50"
        role="img"
        viewBox="0 0 24 24"
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
      >
        <title>shadcn/ui</title>
        <path d="M22.219 11.784 11.784 22.219c-.407.407-.407 1.068 0 1.476.407.407 1.068.407 1.476 0L23.695 13.26c.407-.408.407-1.069 0-1.476-.408-.407-1.069-.407-1.476 0ZM20.132.305.305 20.132c-.407.407-.407 1.068 0 1.476.408.407 1.069.407 1.476 0L21.608 1.781c.407-.407.407-1.068 0-1.476-.408-.407-1.069-.407-1.476 0Z" />
      </svg>
    }
    description="Beautifully designed components to copy and paste. Accessible. Customizable. Open Source."
    href="https://ui.shadcn.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Stunning UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/stunningui.png"
    description="Interactive Tailwind CSS components built for Vue and Nuxt."
    href="https://stunningui.design"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Tailblocks"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/tailblocks.png"
    description="Ready-to-use Tailwind CSS blocks."
    href="https://tailblocks.cc/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Tailus UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/tailus.svg"
    description="Highly customizable components for modern, personalized websites and applications."
    href="https://ui.tailus.io/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="tailwindui"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/tailwindui.png"
    description="Beautiful UI components and templates by the creators of Tailwind CSS."
    href="https://tailwindui.com/"
  />
</Cards>

## General UI Component Libraries

<Cards>
  <CustomCard
    title="BadtzUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/badtzui.png"
    description="An open-source React UI library with production-ready animations. Weekly updates. Built with React, Tailwind, TypeScript & JavaScript."
    href="https://www.badtz-ui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Base UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/baseui.png"
    description="Unstyled UI components for building accessible web apps and design systems."
    href="https://base-ui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Chakra UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/chakraui.png"
    description="Simple, modular & accessible UI components for React applications."
    href="https://www.chakra-ui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Mantine"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/mantineui.svg"
    description="120+ prebuilt components with Mantine."
    href="https://ui.mantine.dev/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="MynaUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/mynaui.png"
    description="Comprehensive design system and UI kit for customizable and extendable designs."
    href="https://mynaui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="HeroUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/heroui.png"
    description="Beautiful, fast and modern React UI Library."
    href="https://www.heroui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="The Component Gallery"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/component-gallery.png"
    description="Collection of components from the best Design Systems."
    href="https://component.gallery/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Uiverse"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/uiverse.png"
    description="Community-made library of free and customizable UI elements made with CSS or Tailwind."
    href="https://uiverse.io/"
  />
</Cards>

## CSS Tools & Button Libraries

<Cards>
  <CustomCard
    title="CodePen"
    icon={
      <svg
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
        width="24"
        height="24"
        viewBox="0 0 24 24"
        fill="none"
        stroke="currentColor"
        strokeWidth="2"
        strokeLinecap="round"
        strokeLinejoin="round"
      >
        <polygon points="12 2 22 8.5 22 15.5 12 22 2 15.5 2 8.5 12 2" />
        <line
          x1="12"
          x2="12"
          y1="22"
          y2="15.5"
        />
        <polyline points="22 8.5 12 15.5 2 8.5" />
        <polyline points="2 15.5 12 8.5 22 15.5" />
        <line
          x1="12"
          x2="12"
          y1="2"
          y2="8.5"
        />
      </svg>
    }
    description="Social development environment for front-end designers and developers. Build, deploy, and find inspiration."
    href="https://codepen.io/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Copy & Paste CSS"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/copy-paste-css.png"
    description="Curated list of simple CSS Buttons design examples. Copy and paste CSS for your next project."
    href="https://copy-paste-css.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="cssbuttons.app"
    description="Collection of over 60+ handpicked and custom made CSS buttons for your website."
    href="https://cssbuttons.app/"
  />
</Cards>

Commit message:

feat: enhance resources with new mockup tools, learning materials, and updated content

content/resources/ui-components.mdx, after:

---
title: UI Components
description: A collection of customizable Tailwind CSS components for building responsive UIs quickly.
---

## Tailwind CSS Component Libraries

<Cards>
  <CustomCard
    isNew
    title="Aceternity UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/aceternityui.png"
    description="Beautiful Tailwind CSS and Framer Motion Components, built with Next.js and TypeScript."
    href="https://ui.aceternity.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Animate UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/animateui.png"
    description="Fully animated, open-source component distribution built with React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Motion and Shadcn CLI. Browse a list of components you can install, modify, and use in your projects."
    href="https://animate-ui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="daisyUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/daisyui.png"
    description="Best Tailwind Components Library - Free UI components for Tailwind CSS."
    href="https://daisyui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Flowbite"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/flowbite.svg"
    description="Comprehensive Tailwind CSS component library with templates and plugins."
    href="https://flowbite.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="FlyonUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/flyon.png"
    description="Easiest, free and open-source Tailwind CSS components library with semantic classes."
    href="https://flyonui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="fmUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/fmUI.png"
    description="Comprehensive collection of free Tailwind CSS components and templates."
    href="https://fwedwicc.github.io/fmUI/home"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Origin UI"
    icon={
      <svg
        className="stroke-zinc-800 dark:stroke-zinc-100"
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
        width="28"
        height="28"
        viewBox="0 0 32 32"
        aria-hidden="true"
      >
        <circle
          cx="16"
          cy="16"
          r="12"
          fill="none"
          strokeWidth="8"
        ></circle>
      </svg>
    }
    description="Beautiful UI components built with Tailwind CSS and Next.js."
    href="https://originui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Preline UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/preline.png"
    description="Open-source Tailwind CSS components library with UI examples, templates, plugins, and Figma design system."
    href="https://preline.co/index.html"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Prism UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/prismui.png"
    description="Build better apps faster with Prism UI."
    href="https://www.prismui.tech/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="shadcn/ui"
    icon={
      <svg
        className="stroke-zinc-950 dark:stroke-zinc-50"
        role="img"
        viewBox="0 0 24 24"
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
      >
        <title>shadcn/ui</title>
        <path d="M22.219 11.784 11.784 22.219c-.407.407-.407 1.068 0 1.476.407.407 1.068.407 1.476 0L23.695 13.26c.407-.408.407-1.069 0-1.476-.408-.407-1.069-.407-1.476 0ZM20.132.305.305 20.132c-.407.407-.407 1.068 0 1.476.408.407 1.069.407 1.476 0L21.608 1.781c.407-.407.407-1.068 0-1.476-.408-.407-1.069-.407-1.476 0Z" />
      </svg>
    }
    description="Beautifully designed components to copy and paste. Accessible. Customizable. Open Source."
    href="https://ui.shadcn.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Stunning UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/stunningui.png"
    description="Interactive Tailwind CSS components built for Vue and Nuxt."
    href="https://stunningui.design"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Tailblocks"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/tailblocks.png"
    description="Ready-to-use Tailwind CSS blocks."
    href="https://tailblocks.cc/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Tailus UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/tailus.svg"
    description="Highly customizable components for modern, personalized websites and applications."
    href="https://ui.tailus.io/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="tailwindui"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/tailwindui.png"
    description="Beautiful UI components and templates by the creators of Tailwind CSS."
    href="https://tailwindui.com/"
  />
</Cards>

## General UI Component Libraries

<Cards>
  <CustomCard
    title="BadtzUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/badtzui.png"
    description="An open-source React UI library with production-ready animations. Weekly updates. Built with React, Tailwind, TypeScript & JavaScript."
    href="https://www.badtz-ui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Base UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/baseui.png"
    description="Unstyled UI components for building accessible web apps and design systems."
    href="https://base-ui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Chakra UI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/chakraui.png"
    description="Simple, modular & accessible UI components for React applications."
    href="https://www.chakra-ui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="HeroUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/heroui.png"
    description="Beautiful, fast and modern React UI Library."
    href="https://www.heroui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Mantine"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/mantineui.svg"
    description="120+ prebuilt components with Mantine."
    href="https://ui.mantine.dev/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="MynaUI"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/mynaui.png"
    description="Comprehensive design system and UI kit for customizable and extendable designs."
    href="https://mynaui.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="The Component Gallery"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/component-gallery.png"
    description="Collection of components from the best Design Systems."
    href="https://component.gallery/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Uiverse"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/uiverse.png"
    description="Community-made library of free and customizable UI elements made with CSS or Tailwind."
    href="https://uiverse.io/"
  />
</Cards>

## CSS Tools & Button Libraries

<Cards>
  <CustomCard
    title="CodePen"
    icon={
      <svg
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
        width="24"
        height="24"
        viewBox="0 0 24 24"
        fill="none"
        stroke="currentColor"
        strokeWidth="2"
        strokeLinecap="round"
        strokeLinejoin="round"
      >
        <polygon points="12 2 22 8.5 22 15.5 12 22 2 15.5 2 8.5 12 2" />
        <line
          x1="12"
          x2="12"
          y1="22"
          y2="15.5"
        />
        <polyline points="22 8.5 12 15.5 2 8.5" />
        <polyline points="2 15.5 12 8.5 22 15.5" />
        <line
          x1="12"
          x2="12"
          y1="2"
          y2="8.5"
        />
      </svg>
    }
    description="Social development environment for front-end designers and developers. Build, deploy, and find inspiration."
    href="https://codepen.io/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="Copy & Paste CSS"
    icon="/resources/ui-components/copy-paste-css.png"
    description="Curated list of simple CSS Buttons design examples. Copy and paste CSS for your next project."
    href="https://copy-paste-css.com/"
  />
  <CustomCard
    title="cssbuttons.app"
    description="Collection of over 60+ handpicked and custom made CSS buttons for your website."
    href="https://cssbuttons.app/"
  />
</Cards>
